Update video-llava docs (#30935)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/video_llava.md

# Load the model in half-precision
model = VideoLlavaForConditionalGeneration.from_pretrained("LanguageBind/Video-LLaVA-7B-hf", torch_dtype=torch.float16, device_map="auto")
processor = VideoLlavaProcessor.from_pretrained("LanguageBind/Video-LLaVA-7B-hf")

# Load the video as an np.arrau, sampling uniformly 8 frames
video_path = hf_hub_download(repo_id="raushan-testing-hf/videos-test", filename="sample_demo_1.mp4", repo_type="dataset")
container = av.open(video_path)
total_frames = container.streams.video[0].frames
indices = np.arange(0, total_frames, total_frames / 8).astype(int)
video = read_video_pyav(container, indices)

# For better results, we recommend to prompt the model in the following format
prompt = "USER: <video>Why is this funny? ASSISTANT:"
inputs = processor(text=prompt, videos=video, return_tensors="pt")

out = model.generate(**inputs, max_new_tokens=60)
processor.batch_decode(out, skip_special_tokens=True, clean_up_tokenization_spaces=True)
```

For multiple turns conversation change the prompt format to:

```bash
"USER: <video>What do you see in this video? ASSISTANT: A baby reading a book. USER: Why is the it funny? ASSISTANT:"
```

### Mixed Media Mode

> The model can also generate from an interleaved image-video inputs. However note, that it was not trained in interlaved image-video stting whihc might affect the performance. Below is an example usage for mixed media input, add the folling lines to the above code snippet: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model can also generate from an interleaved image-video inputs. However note, that it was not trained in interleaved image-video setting which might affect the performance. Below is an example usage for mixed media input, add the following lines to the above code snippet: 
```
